{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker }{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx20\tx380\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adhere to implementation best practices in one or more functional areas of the OpenLink solution in all functional design, specifications, custom coding, and unit testing deliverables\
\pard\tx20\tx380\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Follow OpenLink documentation standards and resolution process flow for all deliverables.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Keep Line Manager and Project Manager(s) informed regarding the status of assigned responsibilities\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Maintain full chargeability on client account(s) as assigned\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Provide business analysis and troubleshooting in the discovery workshop, design, implementation, testing, and production support of the Product solution for the client\'92s business needs\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gain industry and functional expertise through client projects and training\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Present the Product solution to client users\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Assume hands-on project implementation duties in all phases of the Product implementation, reporting to the Project Manager\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gather and document business requirements, configuration designs, test plans/results, and any other deliverables required by the project as determined by the Project Manager and Lead Business Consultant\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		
\f1\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Support the deliverables of the technical consultants by providing business and functional guidance, review, testing, and validation of scripted solutions (reports, plugins and interfaces) as directed by project manager.\
\pard\tx20\tx380\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
As a consultant I have maintained full changeability on the clients account since the day i started workingg with JM. I have gained industry insight and become a functional expert in the Container Management solution. In addition to the core solution I am very familiar with the custom pieces of functionality that are required, designing and receiving approval for specifications from all involved stakeholders. I\'92ve assumed all hands on duties onsite, testing core and custom development efforts, updating the gold environment with required configuration changes, and being fully engaged in the implementation process. I have also supported technical consultants development efforts by guiding their efforts with a strong functional understanding of the system and the business. I have revised, gathered, rejected, and redefined many of the original requirements that were given to OpenLink from JM. This process has been particularly beneficial to the implementation as many of the originally requested items were removed, resolved, or more accurately understood prior to start of custom development. I\'92ve also kept the project manager up to date about the projects including timelines when challenges and delays are incurred. \
\
\
everything we do is for our clients \
\
I have spent nearly every working day onsite which involves 3 hours of transit daily to ensure that the clients needs are met. I have also gone out of my way to ensure that any corporate assistance that the client needs is delivered which often occurs in the evenings due to the time difference in NY. \
\
I\'92ve learned entirely new functionality in order to ensure that the container management solution is implemented. }